[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How did alien species become
gods and goddesses on Earth?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode, we will
dive into the origin
of our mythology.
The society we have
today was created
through the ideas of
polytheism and monotheism,
monotheism through
Christianity and Judaism
and Islam, and polytheism
through the ideas of Rome
and the civilization they
created through the republic
and empire, and Greece
study of philosophy.
So these two paths through
understanding the divine
on Earth were taken
from different ideas
that came from just one spot.
Monotheism was trying to
explain how the universe was
just one mind, one
being, expressed
in many different ways.
And these ways were the
faces of the polytheism that
honor every one of them
in order to be related
and to download
information of god
in different perspectives
and different dimensions.
So everyone could have a way we
could connect with the wills,
with the wisdom,
with the love of god
in different perspectives.
This main idea of how
polytheism and monotheism were
built in the history of
humanity was also bounded
to the idea of other beings
coming from different planets
and different stars.
That is why we
sometimes had confusion
when we talk about gods,
goddesses, and priests
and priestess.
The idea of human gods on Earth
was created in Atlantean time.
And it was guided
by the Arcturians
and the Orion people.
So we could recognize
the power that we
had within, in our blood and
in our cells, through the DNA.
They said that every god, in
reality, was just a projection.
So what we have to do
was to honor the sun
as a projection of god.
And after that, we have to
become the sun ourselves.
So the seek of enlightenment
was to transform humans in suns,
in moon, and stars on Earth.
The main concept of the
universal god and goddess
was to understand
that the divine was
divided in different
levels of consciousness.
So every dimension has a way
to understand the divine.
And in the matter, the divine
was understood through nature.
Nature was the first
code to understand
how everything worked and
how the universe worked.
Life was coming through
water, so we put a divine
into every water.
And we split it in
different levels of water--
the sea god, the rain,
the lakes, the river.
So we had different perspectives
of what the water was.
That happened also with the
fire, with earth, with air.
And every concept of nature--
like plants, like animals--
had their way to be understood
through the different shapes
to get to the main core.
And that is why, for us,
the biggest concepts of gods
were the ones coming
from the sky--
moon, sun, the stars.
Those were the concepts that
created our realities on Earth.
And we thought they
were separated.
We understood that the
skies and all the concepts
in the unreachable reality
were the most divine.
And then the ones we
could touch were the ones
that were created in
order to us to be in touch
with the realities evolved.
That's why we
compare the flowers
with the light of the sun.
And we reach the
enlightenment of the sun
through the petals
of the flowers.
And that's where the idea
of chakras and enlightenment
came from.
So for us, the
different realities
that we have seen every day
that helped us to understand
the power of creation
in this reality
would help us to understand
the idea of that we were all
connected through this
god in different shapes.
So this was something that every
human, since the very beginning
when we started to realize
who we were on Earth,
this was the concept
that bound us all,
that every human in every
part of the world understood,
that all the
concepts from above--
the sun, the moon, the stars--
were the ones creating
this reality on Earth.
And they were creating
us through their image.
So that is why when in history
the Aessir, the Nemnir,
Alithir, and other beings
from the confederation
and not from the
Confederation-- all of them
started to come to this
planet from the skies.
And that made the idea for
humans to understand that,
if those people
came from the stars,
so they are gods from the stars.
They are the ones bringing that
creation, that information.
That created for us the idea
that those beings coming
from the sun, from the
stars, from the moon
were the beings that
represented the divine on Earth.
And that is why we
begin to treat them
like gods and goddesses.
The first time in
humanity, when we
started to recognize
the divine, we
used vibration words to define
the energy of every god.
So that's why we call the giver
of the spirit like "ah," "in,"
an.
And other words--
like mu, like ath--
they were concepts
of humans to put
some vibrations in the
understanding of everything.
Ha, ar, ink were words
that represented the divine
in a package of information.
When we were saying ar or an,
we were talking about the sky.
So we were-- every word
or every information
that we were willing
to give to our kids,
to other cultures, when we
would say ar or an, these two
words will represent
all information in just
one small sentence.
So this vibration would
represent the whole package
of information of the skies.
So when Aessir came
and they saw that we
were naming these
concepts of gods,
of the universe with
different vibration,
with different names,
so what they did
was to say to people that
they were those an, ar, ink,
those vibrations and blood.
So every one of them took the
name of the gods of the divine
that we try to understand.
So when we were willing
to talk to the sun,
now we had to go to a temple.
And this temple was the
house of this being.
So they would say, if you
want to honor the sun,
you have to come and
give something to me
so I can give the
message to the sun.
And this created an idea
of pyramidal civilization
in which the divine
was only achieved
through the gods on Earth.
This disconnected humanity from
the process of the trinity,
from the process of the
realities that we were trying
to achieve in the divine.
And it created the idea that
these gods and goddesses
were the only ones
that we could talk to,
to whom we could relate to.
So that's why we
aren't scared of them.
We took them like gods.
And they could do whatever
they wanted with us, because we
understood that they were
those messengers of gods
here on Earth.
During the process of
creation, of humanity,
and the society of humanity,
this Aessir, this Annunaki,
was spreading in the world.
They were trying to
conquer every human species
and every human idea
of the creation.
So that's why they were
against the first two
species that were trying
to help us with the wisdom.
Those were the Nemnir
and the Sofnir.
The Nemnir were the
voices of nature on Earth.
So they were called the
giants, or the gods,
the first gods on
Earth that were
the keepers of the information
of this planet and the nature.
the Soffhir were
the next ones that
gave us the information
of the tree of life,
the wisdom of how
everything was created.
So that's why the snake was
related to this tree that
gave us the fruit of wisdom.
And they worked by themselves
alone, in separate regions.
So they were really
difficult to get--
they were really difficult
to be in touch with.
So the concept of Nemnir
and Soffhir, for humans,
were really
difficult to achieve.
So that's why Aessir were
so important for humans,
because they were related with
humans most than other species.
And they claimed to be the
protectors of humanity,
even if half of them were
trying to control us.
So that's why the Aessir started
to fight the first species,
like Nemnir and Soffhir, so
they could rule the whole world.
And they claim themselves
like those protecting humans
from the species like
snakes and the giants.
Aessir took the
idea that humanity
understood that they
were gods, because they
came from the skies.
And they start to control every
civilization and every species
that they were creating like
the messengers of the divine.
They became the middle point to
connect the self with humanity.
And that's why, when humans
were ready to become the species
to control the planet,
the other new giants
came to this planet who were the
Arcturians, the Orion people,
and Sirian people.
These people came
after all the mess
that Aessir had
created in this planet.
And they said, we are
the new messengers
from other dimensions.
We are bounded to the fifth
and the sixth dimension.
And they were just using
you to reach their own goals
in this planet.
So that's why they were split
in those who were protecting
humanity, and those who
were pretending that they
were protecting humanity.
And they sent them
all to what we now
call Hell, which is
in the underground.
The keepers of the
underground would take them
in the underground
cities so humans
could be rulers of the new
civilization of the new world.
That's how Arcturians, Orion
people, and Sirian people,
they became the new
gods for humans.
But they were not called gods.
I remember one of them
that we used to call Yusa.
And he-- she--
was someone that was
called a god on Earth.
She was teaching to
people how to relate
with the divine on the stars.
And I remember one of
the Atlantean people
asking her in the
temples of the desert,
why are you allowing
that people call you god
if you are not a god?
And she would say, I never
said to them to be called god.
But I am a part of god.
So I don't have any problem
with people believing who I am,
because I am.
So they were teaching
people how to become gods.
And if they would say
they were not gods,
we would never want to
reach their same level
of consciousness.
We wanted to be like them.
So that's why they allowed
people to call them
gods, so we could reach the
idea of how to be a god.
So that's why Arcturians,
Orion people were called gods.
But they were not forcing
people to be called like that.
These beings, they
prepare humans
to make the path to become
gods and goddesses on Earth.
And these teachings--
after the Aessir were
sent to the underground,
these teachings
created the idea of
civilizations becoming divine
on Earth.
And that's why they
taught their sons--
the sons in Mu, in Khem
and Khef, Atlantis,
they taught them how to do the
path to become divine on Earth.
And those were the first
priests and priestesses
that incarnated the concepts of
the divine of other dimensions
on Earth.
And that's how the people from
Atlantis, for all the humans,
became also the
concepts of gods.
They were not trying
to be called gods.
But they were guiding
people to become gods.
So that's why they allowed
every human to call them
gods on Earth, human gods.
The main representative
of gods that we
had in the Atlantean times
where Osiris, Isis, and Horus.
This trinity for us
is the most important,
because it's the latest
one being created
and is the one that shaped
idea of who we are today
as a society.
These were three
priests and priestesses
from Atlantean times that
where the incarnation
of the concepts of the mother
of the divine, the father
of the divine, and the creation
itself, the sun, the light,
which will be Horus.
This family, these
three people, were
living beings, human
beings that represented
the concepts of the divine
that are the first time they
call in different ways.
We call this trinity of
divine Shu, Tefnut, and Geb.
And it was the creation
between heaven and Earth.
And these gods were not people.
They were concepts of nature.
After that, we had
the feminine time
of creation, what we could
call the goddess Nut, Maat,
and Hathor.
Nut, Maat, and Hathor would
be this feminine trinity
that represented the
stars, the sky, the seven
laws of the universe,
and the mother itself
who creates every law and
every star in the sky.
So this trinity was brought
to our material world
through the Aessir, through the
ancient concepts of the divine.
And that meant that
every woman representing
the divine on Earth would be
part of Hathor, Maat, and Nut.
That made Isis, the
priestess of Atlantis,
the incarnation of what
we call the holy mother.
The image of Isis
was the incarnation
of this divine mother.
And Osiris was the incarnation
of every god through fertility.
So Osiris had to go
through all the creation
like he was representing
this idea of god being
bred in every part of reality.
So all the concepts
of the divine
was fertilizing the
whole river Nile.
This idea became a
myth in which Osiris
was cut in different pieces
so it could be seeded
in every part of the Nile.
And then Isis, the mother, would
put all these parts together
to create the
enlightenment, which
would be the sun, Horus,
the sun that represented
the unification of every part.
But they were people that
represented these histories
through the temples where
they were living in.
For us in the past,
the divine of the sky
was the divine of sun, then
the divine of the moon,
and the divine of Earth.
The trinity of the
sun was the concept
that we name like
Ra, Amun, Atun.
And these were the three
steps in which the light
was expressed in a universe.
But then we had
the moon, the one
that put all the order
on this reality, which
would be Nut, Maat, and Hathor.
And from them, they created the
Earth, so Shu, Geb, and Tefnut.
And these three levels of
consciousness and concepts
of the divine were incarnated
in the families of Atlantis
in three also different
levels of these three divines
which were, for the sun,
the trinity of Osiris, Isis,
and Horus.
For the moon, it was the trinity
of Djehuty, Seshat, and Hornup.
And in the Earth was the trinity
of Seth, Nephthys, and Anubis.
These three trinities were
the priests and priestesses
incarnating the
concepts of the divine
that we had from
the very beginning.
And they were the
Atlantean people
that tried to
teach to humans how
to understand the concepts
of light in the moon,
light in the Earth,
and light in the sun.
So that's why the feminine
aspect of the divine mother
incarnated in Nephthys,
Isis, and Seshat
was the divine mother that we
still today call Mother Mary.
All the concepts
of the divine world
were transcended from the
polytheism to the monotheism
so we could still have it.
The god that is spread
around all the universe
in different parts,
which we call god,
was put in the womb
of this Holy Mother
and create the sun that
represent the darkness,
the light, and the wisdom.
So we had the holy
spirit incarnated
in the sun and light
of the universe
that today we call Jesus Christ.
But for ancient ones, they
were called the trinity
of Hornup, Anubis, and Horus.
For Atlantean people, the
families, the 12 families,
represented the trinities
that the divine created here
in different levels
of consciousness.
When the divine was split in
many thousands and millions
of parts, there were
just 12 structures
that represent them all, that
united every aspect of reality.
So these 12 structures in
different dimensions-- that,
in six dimension, were the six
positive realities of Elohim
and the six negative
realities of Elohim--
they structure the idea of the
divine in different concepts
that were brought to our reality
through the constellations.
So every human knew them
because of the constellations.
And when the Aessir and
other beings from the galaxy
came from those
constellations, we
attached them to 12
different gods and goddesses
that were related to the
information of these 12.
And when Thallon
had these 12 kids
to create the first humans
that were after that modified
by the Arcturians
and the Orion people,
they created the concept
of the 12 families
that created the priest
and priestesses that
represented the divine on
Earth in a human shape.
That's how we have 12
concepts of the divine
in different dimensions,
12 people from the stars
represented here on
Earth, the aliens that
were called gods and goddesses.
And then we have the 12
families from human beings
that were called the priests
and priestesses or gods
and goddesses in human shape.
These different
families or concepts
were treated then
like trinities.
So there were 12
trinities that represented
the houses of the stars on Earth
through blood and through DNA.
These 12 houses were represented
by one, the sun, the other one
the moon, and the other
one the underground,
which was the darkness.
Then we have the
four pillars, which
is earth, water, air, and fire.
These four houses
gives the other
three that represents the
trinity of the divine, which
is the will, love, and wisdom.
And they are all bounded by
two houses called the space
and time.
These 12 faces of reality,
these 12 trinities that
were born through the
blood of the Aessir,
and also the
Arcturian people, they
created in matter the
keepers of this information,
of these houses, through blood.
And that is why
they were related
with the gods and
goddesses on Earth,
because in their own blood, they
had the patterns, the story,
the history of their families
coming from the stars,
from the portals in
those constellations.
So that's why they were
called gods and goddesses
on Earth in human shape.
So the concepts and
the ideas that we
have of gods and goddesses today
is really mistaken by history,
because the concepts
of gods were
taken by different beings--
aliens, priests-- to try to
explain in different times,
in different levels,
in different temples,
different schools what
they really represented.
And that is why, when we
think about Egyptian gods
and goddesses-- which
were the first ones,
with the Sumerian people, to
organize the pantheon of all
the gods--
what we have about
them is this idea
of a divine that
represented through people
that came from the
stars and people that
were alive in ancient times.
That is why we cannot understand
the divine through the people
and the gods that were
living in history.
We have to go farther
and beyond the concept
that they represented.
There were not many
gods in history.
There were many people,
humans, and people
from Aessir, Annunaki
that represented
a concept of the divine
that every being had
in the whole universe
and that they were just
trying to explain
it or represent it
so humans could understand
it and be ruled by it.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explain
how these priests
and priestesses
could channel information
from other dimensions.
[MUSIC PLAYING]